Add ServiceValidationError and translation support (#1961)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/api/websocket.md

   }
}
```

### Error handling during service calls and translations

> The JSON below shows an example of an error response. If `HomeAssistantError` error (or a sub class of `HomeAssistantError`) is handled, translation information, if set, will be added to the response. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON below shows an example of an error response. If `HomeAssistantError` error (or a subclass of `HomeAssistantError`) is handled, translation information, if set, will be added to the response. 
```

> When a `ServiceValidationError` (`service_validation_error`) exception was raised during a websocket service call. A stack trace is printed to the logs at debug level only. Raising `HomeAssistantError` (`home_assistant_error`) or subclass exception will still print a full stack trace to the logs.

Reviewer: I think we should talk about how the exceptions are handled not how they are raised. We're documenting the websocket API.

> During a websocket service calls translations are supported for `HomeAssistantError` and its subclasses. When a `translation_key` is set by the caller of the exception this, the keys `translation_domain` and `translation_placeholders` will be added to the error response.

Reviewer: I'd just say that translations are supported for `HomeAssistantError` etc, and then describe the response items. Who is setting what and how doesn't matter. This page documents the websocket API, not how exceptions are raised.

   }
}
```

> When calling a web service and in case an exception occurs, error `code` key can be one of the following:

Reviewer: I don't think we have yet defined a limit to what value the code string can take.

- `id_reuse`: The request ID was reused.
- `invalid_format`: An `vol.Invalid` was raised.
- `not_found`: The requested service was not found.
- `not_supported`: The requested action is not supported.
- `unknown_command`: An unknown command was used.
- `unknown_error`: An unknown error occurred.
- `unauthorized`: The request was not authorized.
- `timeout`: The request was timed out.
- `template_error`: A template error occurred.

> When an integration raises an exception, `code` will be one of the following:

Reviewer: This is only during service calls, ie for that websocket command. Integration specific websocket commands may have other error codes.
